Friends, the series of F 25 results has
started.  The results of ICC Lombard,
a leading general insurance company, have been declared.
Today friends we will learn
something about ICC Labrador.  General
Insurance will also know whether
growth can be expected here and if it
can be expected then to what extent, which
players are there, domestically listed and
unlisted international players and in
comparison to them, should one invest in ICC Lombard
or not?  Friends, if we have done it
or if we do it, then what is the current scenario?
What does the recent trend of IC Lombard say? And
what should we expect based on this data? So,
friends, are you ready? If all of you are ready and have
not subscribed to the channel, then do
not forget to subscribe so that you do not
miss these latest updates. So, let's begin.
Friends, I have
three tabs in front of me. One is the
latest result of ICC Lombard. So, ICC
Lombard's presentation shows what the company is
expecting and what were the results.
Friends, we have done our experience with ICC Lombard
here. Latest result
and what to expect. And
this spreadsheet of fair value is also in front of you. So, by
combining these three things,
friends, we will see the result. Okay, so
first of all, friends, an overview of the company. Which
company is this? ICCI Lombard General
Insurance Company. Friends, it belongs to the general
insurance industry.
Friends, ICC Lombard was started in 2001.
You know that before that, there used to be
only government companies.
After the privatization of 1991, friends, life and
general insurance became private.  Opportunities were also given to companies.
Under the same, we
saw ICC Labard clubbing and launching India's ICICI Bank and world leading insurance company Labard.
Friends, their IPO came in 2018.  Yes friends
we were active during this time and we have
recommended this company, we
expect growth and consistent
profitability.  Now, this was
expected seven years ago.  Now we will see
what is their business model friends?
Non-life insurance products.  As you may
know friends, insurance is
divided into two parts.  One is life which includes
LIC i.e. Life Insurance Corporation and
many private companies and the second part
is non-life in which companies like our health, motor, fire,
marine come.  Friends, ICICI
Lombard General Insurance is a non-life company.
If you are looking for any company of ICIC in life then
it is ICC Psial Life
Insurance Company.  Today we will talk about a non-
life insurance company which is ICC
Labard.  Friends, what is their strength?
Friends, strong solvency, which is required,
robust underwriting and consistent
profitability are their strengths.
Friends, in the last 21 years, there have been only
two such incidents where they have incurred
losses, apart from this, the profitability of the company is
absolutely strong.
Friends,
if we look at the outlook of the general insurance industry in India, the insurance
penetration in India is only 3%. Friends, the
global average is also only 3%, but
even in comparison to the global average, friends, we are still very
under-penetrated.  So
friends, growth should be seen in this industry in the coming times.
Friends, I will also tell you what ICBARD has
given in his presentation.
You can see friends, India's market is worth Rs 3
lakh crore, which
is only one percent compared to the world.  You can see right, that
means we are quite under penetrated.   There's a
lot of space here, friends.  You
can look at other leading economies, friends.  Much
more penetration than we have.  So
friends, as the income of Indians is increasing,
we will see this penetration increasing further.
We are the fourth largest non-life insurance company
in Asia.  So right now our economy is the
fifth largest in the world but we are at 15th position in the world,
friends, this is a big thing.
Why?  Because our GDP per capita is low.
Now as GDP per capita is increasing,
friends, we will see good growth here.  The
data he has given in the next slide is
proof of this, friends.  You can see that
between 2001 and 2008, there was a growth of 16 lakh rupees.  At the
time when it was just the beginning, the
market share of private players was nothing.
Friends, in 2008, when the
total industry of this industry reached Rs 3000 crore, by then the
private sector had reached 37% of its earnings
and the private sector had achieved a
good growth of 16%.  Friends, the
ERA after 2008 is considered good
for private insurance because it is called non-tariff
ERA. Friends, at this time the
insurance industry grew almost 10 times. You can see
friends, the
insurance industry grew from Rs 3000 crore to Rs 3 lakh, but
whose growth was there in this? Friends, the private
players who used to have a share of 37%, this reached 54%, that is,
if you see the real contribution in the growth, then the
private players had a
huge contribution, so
in the entire period you can see that friends, the
general insurance industry is growing at 15-16%.
So if the growth here is one and a half times your GDP then you should
invest money.  There is
no doubt about it.  Right
friends, what are the growth drivers of India now
?  Friends, rising health insurance
awareness: As we move forward, the
awareness about how important health insurance is for us is also increasing.
Adoption in underwriting of claims,
due to which the process of claims also became
faster, friends.  Friends, regulatory support
is also full.  You can see that IRDAI is pushing
for financial inclusion, friends.  So
friends, all these are tail winds which
give growth to the insurance industry and
we hope that in the coming decade also,
friends, we will see 15 percent growth.  So yes
friends, money should be invested in the general insurance industry.
What are the challenges
of this industry?  Friends, take awareness.
Friends, competitive pricing and fraud
management, these three things are a
big challenge for the industry.  The company which will be able to do
proper fraud management and
keep the pricing competitive, friends, that company will move ahead.
If we
see the peer comparison here with other non-life i.e. general
insurance companies of India, friends,
ICICI Lombard is able to take a premium of around 29000 crores,
in this the lead is taken by
PSU New India Insurance Company, an
insurance company because it is many years
old, friends, as I already
told friends, after privatization,
friends, this industry also got a chance, so
this private company is not all, still you
can see that it has come very close,
friends, in profitability, ICICI
makes a profit of 2500 crores.  Whereas in
comparison, India may have higher turnover but
lower profit.  Well, for New India
it can also be said that it is a government company.
Their entire concentration is not on profit.
Their concentration may be on
inclusion that every person should
get insurance.  Whereas when private sector comes, it will
think that it should get more profit.
Right?  So if you compare directly in private sector then
ICC Lombard, friends,
HDFC, Ero, General are far ahead of them.
Right?  Friends,
these people have also achieved profitability in collecting premium
and their margins are also strong.
Friends, ICC
Lombard and New India Insurance are directly listed.
Friends, HDFC Ergo and SBI General are
not directly listed.  When you
buy shares of HDFC Bank, HDFC Ergo
comes into it as a part subsidiary company.
Similarly, when you buy SB Bank, SB
also comes into it.  Now here I have
not taken Star Health because they
focus only on proper health insurance.
Friends, Star Health will not
get the benefit of the entire general insurance industry.  So here I covered the companies
which are in all the businesses.  Right?  Now if
I compare them with global firms, then
friends, Alien is a German company.  You
Can See Aliens or AX is from France.
Friends, they pay a premium of Rs 10 lakh crore.
Now we have seen the leading companies of India,
how much premium do they charge now?   There
is a huge gap of just Rs 000 crore, friends,
this Alliance AXI is such a company which has
grown by joining with different companies across the world, whereas if we look at ICC Lombard, then
insurance and private
insurance got the opportunity only 20 years ago, that is why
they started, so
turnover of Rs 10 lakh crore, their profit of about Rs 1 lakh crore each,
means whatever profit India's biggest
company Reliance Industries makes, it earns most of its profit
from Alliance and AX, so you can see
Indian General Insurance Company growing a lot in the coming 15-20 years,
friends, you should invest money.
Right?  Now let's start with the last 20 years,
what has ICICI General
Insurance done?  Friends, I have given a historical
performance here.  The premium is
more than 22 taka per year.  So you can see
friends, with a premium of just Rs 200 crore,
these people reached a premium of Rs 1500 crore for the first time
in 2006.  Friends, the premium of Rs 10000 crore was
crossed in 2017.  Just think, it took 11 years to
reach from Rs 1500 crore to Rs 10,000 crore
and now their vehicle has reached Rs 29,000 crore.
So when their IPO came, friends,
it used to do around Rs 12,000 crore.  We had
recommended at that time that yes we will
see a growth of 121 taka here.  C Friends Since
IPO also we have seen premium growth of 15 Taka.
So
you will also be able to see similar profit growth trend as I have
told here that their profit in 2003 was Rs 33 crores.  By
2013, it had increased 10 times to Rs
300 crore. Friends, during this entire period,
they have made losses only twice.
Friends, when big catastrophic events occur, at
such times the claims increase.
Friends, the company can incur losses, so
invest in general insurance. Friends, their
claims are more than life insurance, due to which
you can invest in general insurance to get growth,
but be prepared for such losses as well
because when the company incurs losses, the share will
also be hit hard. A little less weightage is to be
given here, friends. At the time of IPO,
their profit was Rs 800 crore.  So
you can see that this 800 crores increased and reached 2500 crores.
So it is a simple matter friends, if it had been
listed the day before yesterday, say in 2005,
when its premium was Rs 900 crore, the profit would have been Rs
50 crore.  Today, if the profit of Rs 50 crores had been
converted into crores, then the
investor would have received consistent dividends
and these dividends would have increased five times.
Today, you have received a good dividend income
consistently, except for two years.
Apart from that, friends, the growth must also have been good.
Now in 2018, you can see that
even after 2018, there has been growth, friends.  Friends,
from a price of ₹600, we saw this company
grow by 1500-2000 in the last seven years, so the
company also grew.  I
also got consistent dividends and this will go.  Right now
we are low penetrated.  Now the penetration has to
increase further.  So I expect growth in the coming times.
But I will also keep this negative point
in mind.  What people do is that they
invest with their eyes closed.
Then when some difficulty arises, the share is
halved, half of half, then they say that they did
not know this.  This is how
considering risk you should invest
appropriate weightage.  If
I look at the past PE of Right Friends Company for so many years, then their
fair PE comes to 30.  Right friends,
I have given the date of the latest year here.
Last year the EPS was 39.
This is the EPS of year 51.  So
you also see the highs and lows of last year, this year we did
well in both the highs and lows.  That means the stock has grown this year.
Why?  Because earnings had
increased.  Friends, you can also see the PE in a similar way.
Friends, if we
take it around PE of 30, then that is better than fair
valuation.  Rest of the fair
PE, if I look at only 2 years, it is
37.  But one should never invest by looking at the PE of two years.
Right?  I have written
here that you should expect a PE of 30
because we are expecting a growth of 15 taka, so on the
basis of these data, my
fair PE for this is between 1500 to 2000, friends,
right, let me tell you that too,
friends, I am expecting a long term growth of 15 taka, on the
basis of these data, friends,
in 2030 I will see this company
reaching a premium of 62000 crores and
in 2035, this lakh crore premium will
reach a profit of around 10,000 crores,
its EPS will be 193, so I am expecting the
fair value of ICC Lord to be
around 10000 in the next 10 years.  So
friends, according to the fair value of these 6000, I should buy it this year at a price of around 1500.
This was fair PE for the year.
Right friends, let me see
what's trending.  We can see
friends, quarter one there was a premium growth of 20 taka.  There was a
profit growth of 48%.
The margin was a good 7.3.  Growth was also good.
Profits were good.  Friends,
we saw a little cooldown in H1.  This means that the premium
collection would have decreased in quarter two.
That's why H1 came down from 20 to 15.  Profits were also
pulled off, right margin 8.6, there was improvement in the margin
but the base premium had
muted a bit, this has to be kept in mind, when it
came to quarter three, our
premium became exactly 10 taka, so quarter three was recently
affected, I have to keep this in mind,
because of quarter three my
growth this year remained only 10 taka, so
I should be alert that this year the
growth of premium is not very strong.
Profits have increased well.  There can be
many reasons behind profit.  But along with profit,
premium growth should also be seen.  Look, the
margins have improved.  Right?  So what
is negative?  This time the demand is less.
Profits are good in premium.  That is a positive thing.
Now friends, what did the results of Quarter 4 bring
?  We understand this friends.
You will have to look at the gross premium of the bar a little carefully.
As you can see here, the gross
return premium came close to Rs 28,000 crore.
Now friends, how much growth does this growth indicate
?   Of
10.4%.  The growth of actual premium of 10 taka is
not that attractive, friends.
But friends, this is not a shock.  It was not like that.
So it is not that
Quarter Four has brought complete news or there
is some problem because of Quarter Four.
No, the growth in quarter four has been similar to that in quarter three.
But when I am reading the company's data, it is
telling me 8.3% growth.  Why so
?  This question may have
come to many of you.  Friends, this is
because this year there has been a fair change in the
premium calculation in the insurance industry.
Friends, in the case of long
term premiums, such as those premiums which are
paid keeping in mind five years,
one divided by n premium is
calculated.  That means if the premium
for five years is Rs 10,000, then this year only Rs
2000 premium will be counted.  According to this,
friends, even though the growth is 10% or 10.4%,
these people will count the real growth as 83% from now on.  So
this will be fair in the entire insurance industry,
which friends, you will have to keep in mind.  So
now I told you about the premium growth here.  The
second data is I come.
Before that friends, let us look at the investment income.
Friends, the investment income on this side has
increased by just 10 taka.  Friends,
generally as you can see till now, the
investment income had increased by 22 taka in nine months.
Friends, insurance companies have to
maintain solvency ratio by law so that if
big claims come, it does not happen
that they divide everything into dividends and say that there is
no money.  So
they have to maintain the solvency ratio.  Insurance
companies are big investors.  They
already make huge investments which gives them
investment income.  So when the
results of this year and month came, their
investment income was Rs 2500 crore.  There was a growth of 22%.
But in the results of quarter four that
came recently, investment income was
down significantly.  Friends, it has decreased by 21 taka as compared to last year's
quarter, due to which
your investment income of 22 taka has come down to 10 taka,
friends, this has affected
your total income, which was increasing by 17 taka till now,
friends, the investment income has failed
due to which the margins must have gone down, if the
premiums had increased by 10 taka, then the expenses had
increased by 15 taka, let's say you used to
count it equally in comparison to the total income, but now
in quarter four, the expenses have increased by 10 taka and have increased by 18 taka, which has
increased a lot, even if you
take the total income, it is still more than that, due to which the
overall cost of this year has increased more.
Friends, you may see a 31%
growth in profit but there is no growth in quarter four.
So till now it was 43% which has fallen to
30%, that is, you say that you got a very good profit of 30%, it is
wrong.  There were
9 months with better profits than this.  Profits have definitely come down.
Margins have also come down, friends.
Their margin was 9.4.  In Quarter Four, the
margin of 60.7 taka came to your overall 8.9%.
Friends, who increased the expenses?  One
we saw is Premium Muted.  Secondly,
investment income has decreased, so the
difference is only on the top line.  Friends, secondly, if we
look at the expenses, the claims that they paid are
their biggest expense of 60 taka which is 25
taka.  Friends, the outstanding claims which were
high have reduced.  So suddenly the
claims did not come.
You saw claims coming in from those that were outstanding.  Right?  So the
expenses are high friends,
from where does their biggest premium come from, you can see
motor is 40 taka for them, 20 taka OD taka
third party, in total 40 taka motor 20%
health travel and PA, so this is a big segment for them,
alright, apart from that some
KPIs that should be seen, that is combined ratio
friends, the combined ratio was going to be
103 and 112.8 in 2023, so the combined
ratio is on improvement face,
it is understood from the combined ratio that
when we compare the expenditure incurred to bring the total premium with the claims, then the
expenditure is more or the claims
are more and if it is more then how much more, so the
expenditure incurred to bring the actual premium is
105 taka, so it was getting more,
now slowly their friends, it is getting
settled with the claims, so that's great,
solvency ratio has improved, book value 289
Earnings per share is 51. Friends,
what is my outlook based on this data?
Friends, next year I expect the
premium to increase by 10 taka. Friends, it is possible that the
profit may fall from one taka to two, so I am a
little cautious about profits
because the margin is low.